(Episode 13)
Gosh, Prosecutor Jung. To what do I owe the pleasure of this call?
I'm at Sangku Division working on a story on those stray cats.
Woo Tak, I have a favor to ask of you.
I can do anything as long as it's not an inappropriate request.
Just tell me. What is it?
"April 11, 10:12pm".
"The rooftop at Sujo Building in Sangku-dong".
I had a dream.
At that time and place,
Hong Joo got attacked by a man named Kang Dae Hee.
Kang Dae Hee? Who is that?
He's being tried for murder as a defendant at the moment.
Murder?
There's no way he'll be acquitted,
so I have no idea why I had a dream like that.
Please don't worry.
I'll make sure Hong Joo is not there alone at that time.
Hello?
Are you there? Where are you calling from?
Hello? Hello?
The customer you're calling is unavailable at the moment.
Shall I call a patrol division nearby and ask for backup?
Yes, please do that.
Request backup.
Yes, sir.
If you see this in your dream, please don't forget to come here.
I'm on the rooftop at Sujo Building in Sangku-dong.
Today is April 11.
It's 10:12pm now.
He's a patrol officer from Sangku Division.
We're on the first floor of Sujo Building.
- We need an ambulance here. - Woo Tak.
- A police officer got stabbed. - Woo Tak!
He's breathing.
I can take care of this. You need to go catch that jerk.
He fled to the rooftop.
I'll leave him in your hands.
Mr. Jung.
Block all possible escape routes and preserve the scene.
- Got it. - Mr. Jung!
Gosh, we need an ambulance.
We need an ambulance right now.
Mr. Jung, it's dangerous to go up there alone!
Mr. Jung!
My goodness.
Mr. Jung...
Why isn't he using the elevator?
He's so weird.
- You jerk. - Stay still, you scumbag!
Go ahead and hire an attorney, jerk.
I'll be acquitted anyway.
Call Lawyer Lee Yu Beom.
Tell Lee Yu Beom to come here, you jerks!
Why did you run up the stairs instead of taking the elevator?
I had noodles for dinner. I had to run because of you, jerk.
Mr. Jung, don't take off alone like that.
You have unusually long legs, but the rest of us don't.
Are you okay?
Did you get hurt?
It's all over. You're okay now.
It's all right.
Everything is okay now.
What about Woo Tak? Is he okay?
You woke up?
Are you okay?
Doctor! The patient just regained his consciousness!
Kyung Han, Kyung Han!
Where are you? Lieutenant Han woke up!
What about Hong Joo?
Is she all right?
Yes, I'm right here. I'm fine.
I'm so relieved that you're okay.
You're the only one who's not okay.
You're the only person who nearly died, idiot.
Are you really okay? Can you recognize us?
Who am I?
You're Kyung Han.
Yes, that's right.
I am Oh Kyung Han, your senior colleague.
You can recognize people now.
Did you catch the suspect?
Yes, he's been arrested.
Mr. Kang, you're basically asking me to fill a bottomless barrel.
You need to tell me where the hole is...
for me to patch it up and fill up the barrel with water.
I can fill it up myself.
I mean, I did it last time. Why can't I do it again this time?
(Please be quiet.)
Excuse me.
Could you please call Lawyer Lee Yu Beom and ask him to come here?
Hey, call Lawyer Lee Yu Beom!
Call my lawyer! Tell him to come here right now!
Bring Lee Yu Beom here immediately!
Bring Lee Yu Beom here.
Go bring Lawyer Lee Yu Beom.
Right now!
Gosh, that was my first time getting stabbed.
What we see in movies is a complete lie.
Actors keep fighting even after getting stabbed a few times.
That's totally impossible in real life.
The moment you get stabbed, you lose all of your strength.
I couldn't even lift up my fingers.
I'm sorry. All of this happened because of what I said to you.
What do you mean?
Look at this. I can't even open this lid.
I asked you to protect Hong Joo.
What are you talking about?
I'm so thankful that you told me about it.
What will happen to Kang Dae Hee?
It won't be easy for him to get out of it.
We have evidence that he poisoned his brother to death.
His sister has decided to testify against him in court as well.
Most importantly, the prosecutor in charge is a very reliable man.
Oh, who is he?
It's me.
Pardon?
(Seoul Hangang District Prosecutors' Office)
It's mine.
- Mr. Choi. - Okay, I heard you.
My gosh, Mr. Jung. Look at your face.
Did that jerk, Kang Dae Hee, punch you?
Well, I didn't exactly get punched. It's just a minor injury,
which I got while trying to overpower him. It's very minor.
Mr. Choi, how can you be totally fine when Mr. Jung got hurt?
Didn't you go with him?
I did. I went to the scene with him.
He hopped up four steps at a time. How could I keep up with that?
The most I can do is two steps.
Four steps at a time?
I see. I guess it's possible with those long legs of his.
Well, it's...
So? Did you fight that killer all by yourself?
That's what I'm saying.
He ran at him fearlessly because he's a fourth-degree black belt.
A fourth-degree black belt? What about you, Mr. Choi?
I have a black belt too.
Every man who served in the military holds a first degree black belt.
A front kick.
A side kick.
Look at this. The angle is just perfect.
Mr. Jung, what's the most important thing in execution of a warrant?
Mr. Choi, we can talk about it in private.
No! Please answer my question now.
What is it?
Well... Arresting the suspect?
Wrong! Wrong answer.
Your safety. Arresting the suspect comes after that.
Hey!
That is true,
but you shouldn't criticize him for reversing the order.
Right. I agree, sir.
Great job. I didn't know that you did all the work by yourself.
No, Mr. Choi worked hard too.
Great work. My gosh, your arms are rock hard.
Mr. Jung, you have the brains as well as the physical strength.
Keep up the good work.
Both of you are men.
Do you belong to different species?
Thank you for calling me out on that.
I'll remember your advice.
See you later.
When did I call him out?
Was I calling him out? Was I?
No, it was an insult.
You insulted yourself.
In other words, you dug your own grave.
You deserve a kick.
Going up.
Isn't it hard to be a lawyer after working as a prosecutor?
You're obligated to side with wrongdoers, knowing what they did.
I don't think I can do it even if I'm offered millions of dollars.
Don't be so sure.
My today may become your tomorrow.
Will you not take Kang Dae Hee's case?
You said you have enough evidence.
Didn't you confiscate the medicine with cyanide...
and also get his sister's statement?
That gives you all the more reason to ask for more money.
I won't take it.
Even if it involves a ton of money,
I don't bet on things that I'm not likely to win.
Never.
Doors are opening.
Mr. Kang, you're being investigated for murder, attempted murder,
personal injury, property damage,
and violating the Animal Protection Act. You're aware of it, right?
You guys are heartless. Can't you at least give me a cup of coffee?
Mr. Kang, you're here as a suspect.
Mister, I guess you don't understand the presumption of innocence.
I get that I'll have to go on trial after your investigation is over,
but I'm considered innocent until the Supreme Court rules me guilty.
You should give up if you're acting like this because of Lawyer Lee.
He won't take your case.
The experience of going through the trial...
has almost turned me into a legal expert.
Article 12 Section 4 of the Constitution...
states that any person who is arrested or detained...
shall have the right to prompt assistance of counsel.
The Constitution grants me the right to hire Lawyer Lee.
I mean, you guys know the law inside out.
Why are you trying to hinder our relationship?
Article 12 Section 4 of the Constitution.
"When a criminal defendant is unable to secure counsel himself,"
"the State shall assign counsel for the defendant as prescribed by Act."
I think that applies to you.
I'm trying to find a lawyer myself, but you guys keep interfering.
Call Lawyer Lee Yu Beom for me. He'll come if I call him!
Lawyer Lee told me...
that he's decided not to take your case...
because he never places bets on things that he's not likely to win.
He also asked me to pass this along.
Tell Kang Dae Hee this if you happen to meet him.
"Your barrel is already smashed."
"No matter what you do..."
No matter what you do,
you won't be able to fill it up.
He said you'd know what it means.
- No. - Do you get what it means?
I said I don't.
Well, it sounds like you got the message.
All right then, let's get this investigation started.
Bring Lee Yu Beom.
I said he'll come if I call him. Call him right now!
Hurry up! Bring him here immediately, okay?
- Sit down. - Bring him here right now!
Go bring him now. Call him.
- You punk! - Keep it down.
- Stay still. - Bring Lee Yu Beom here right now!
Hey! Let go, you jerk!
- Shut it! - Let go!
Spring flowers will continue to blossom...
until royal azalea flowers come into full bloom in May.
- "SBC News". This was... - When will they cover your case?
- It'll be on soon. - A man...
who was tried for killing his brother...
- Oh, it's on now. - to get an insurance payout...
got arrested again on the day he was acquitted.
Reporter Nam Hong Joo has more details.
My gosh, it's Hong Joo.
A residential area in Sangku-dong, Hangang-gu, Seoul.
Stray cats that died from poisoning...
have been found frequently all over this area since January.
The suspect is a 37-year-old man who runs a fried chicken restaurant.
He was previously tried for staging a car accident...
and killing his own brother in order to obtain an insurance payout...
but was acquitted due to lack of evidence.
However, the prosecution has revealed...
that he put the cyanide he used to kill the stray cats...
in his brother's herbal medicine in order to kill him.
Then he staged a car accident and received...
an insurance payout of 2.7 million dollars.
The prosecution has arrested him again.
The traces left...
- by the dead stray cats... - Goodness.
served as crucial evidence that allowed the prosecution...
to arrest the suspect again after his acquittal.
This was Reporter Nam Hong Joo of "SBC News".
You're not happy with it? You look like you think it's unfair.
Tell me. What's so unfair?
It's totally spoiled.
What? Your beer?
No, you spoiled it.
What are you saying?
The victim, Kang Byung Hee, who's also the defendant's brother,
worked as a courier during the day and as a relief driver at night.
He bought his brother's birthday gift with his hard-earned money,
and being able to give his sister an allowance made him happy.
Blinded by his greed for money, the defendant robbed his brother...
of all the happiness and joy, which he rightfully deserved.
Even though he committed one of the gravest crimes,
the defendant shed fake tears right in front of the victim's body...
and deceived the investigators.
He hasn't even expressed any remorse for what he did.
Ergo, I do not think that separating him from society indefinitely...
is too heavy of a punishment.
Please sentence the defendant...
to life imprisonment, Your Honor.
(Episode 13: The Secret That Can't Be Told)
(Give credit to others and blame yourself.)
It would've been absolutely horrible.
Thanks to Mr. Jung, we were able to prevent it.
Mr. Jung should take all the credit.
I know that he's not here now, but we should applaud him.
And I'll take all the blame...
for acquitting Kang Dae Hee.
Even though I'm fully aware of how careless Mr. Lee can be,
I didn't double-check everything when we were doing the postmortem.
I've always known...
that Ms. Shin's arrogance would get us in trouble someday.
What was I thinking letting her be in charge of such a big case?
It is all my fault.
No, it's my fault.
I should've checked everything more carefully as a senior prosecutor.
No, I should've paid more attention as her direct supervisor.
It's my fault.
Yes, I also think that it's your fault.
Are you saying that you're not responsible for it at all?
That's right. Had you taken care of the autopsy properly,
Kang Dae Hee wouldn't have been acquitted.
What's the matter? What's going on?
Right, I don't have any excuses for that.
But you were the prosecutor-in-charge.
Why didn't you notice the medicine pouch while searching his place?
Had you found it...
I would've confiscated it had you concluded...
from the autopsy that the cause of death was poisoning.
You concluded that it was caused by a traffic accident,
so I was obviously only looking for evidence that would match it.
I never said I'm in the right!
I know that I made a mistake, but you're also responsible for it!
A police officer got stabbed because of us.
There could've been an additional victim.
Doesn't it scare you at all?
My hands are still trembling from the fear.
Not at all.
Even if something like that happened,
it wouldn't be my fault.
It's your fault.
My gosh!
You stay here.
Call the police if anything happens, okay?
Run away.
Be careful.
Gosh, she keeps running around.
(Youngdeok Crab)
Why are you calling me at this hour?
Where are you?
Why do you ask?
I promised you that I'd take you to work every day.
I'm at the police station now.
I need to stay here for a few days.
Oh, okay. I'll send it right away!
Sorry, I'm so busy that I don't even have time to be scared these days.
So, you don't need to take me to work...
[VIU Ver] E13 While You Were Sleeping
"The Secret That Can't Be Told"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Is this the police station?
Are you camping out in this park or what?
And where's your colleague?
Well, how did you know that I'd be here?
I had a dream. I saw you beating yourself up here alone...
and crying, looking all ugly.
I cried?
Me? Ugly?
Gosh, you have quite the imagination.
How can you have such a ridiculous dream?
Stop crying. You'll fill yourself up with snot in no time at this rate.
Gosh, please!
Do you think that Woo Tak got injured because of you?
"Had I not told him about the fried chicken place..."
You must be beating yourself up like that.
I can't even sleep...
because of that thought.
Then I should wail and have a sleepless night every single day.
I'm also hugely indebted to Woo Tak.
What do you owe him?
My debt is bigger than yours.
I'm beating myself up too.
You look totally at ease for someone who's beating himself up.
How can you be like that?
I tried putting myself in his shoes.
If I were him,
I wouldn't want to boast about the injury,
and I wouldn't resent us either.
Rather,
he was probably glad to see that you're okay.
It must've been a relief to him.
So, don't cry too much.
Don't beat yourself up for too long.
But never forget what happened.
Only then, you can fully repay him.
- Hello. - You can't go in now.
- I have to go in. - Go this way.
Off you go. Let's go.
Let's go! Go on.
Go.
(Investigating, do not disturb)
Regrets are pointless.
There's no use in crying over spilled milk.
All you can do is slowly fill the glass up again.
Time won't flow backward for you, you know.
- Is it from a song or what? - What?
It doesn't sound like something you'd say.
You're copying what someone else said, right?
You're good.
I manipulated my report cards.
Gosh, you punk. Why did you lie about your grades?
- Chief. - Gosh, Chief.
Hey.
Chief Jung's son.
What's your name?
Why do you need to know my name?
Are you crying?
No, I'm not.
Hey, wipe your nose first.
It'd be amazing if time could flow backward, but what can you do?
There's no use in crying over spilled milk.
You have a lot of time.
You can fill up the glass again slowly.
Then there will come a time...
when your dad is no longer disappointed in you.
So, don't cry too much.
Don't beat yourself up for too long.
But never forget what happened.
Got it?
It's what someone told me a long time ago.
I knew it.
Who was it?
I don't know. I don't even remember his name.
Anyway, did it make you feel better?
Can I lean on you?
"Don't cry too much."
"Don't beat yourself up for too long."
"But never forget what happened."
At that moment, I couldn't even imagine...
that those warm comforting words...
would be remembered...
as someone's last words one day.
Have some of this.
Thank you.
I think it's fixed. Could you check to see if it's working now?
Sure.
(2016 Rio Olympics Full Schedule)
Yes, it's working now.
Did I do something to lose the connection?
It looks like one of your neighbors touched the wrong cable.
Miss, the customer service rating is very important to us.
Please put in a good word for me when you receive the survey call.
Sure.
Then do you mind taking those boxes out to the recycling area?
There are too many of them.
I'll tell her to rate your customer service 10 out of 10.
No, it's okay. I'll take them out. Please don't worry about it.
No, I'll take them out.
I'm heading out anyway.
Miss, please put in a good word for me.
Of course.
- Goodbye. - Take care.
- You too. - Goodbye.
(What's on your mind, Hak Young?)
(Do Hak Young)
(Shall I teach them a lesson?)
(Like)
Mr. Han.
You can check out this afternoon.
Please go to Administration to pay your bills.
Sure.
I verified it.
Hong Joo, what about the dashboard camera?
I heard that it's already been submitted to the police.
Things will be complicated without it.
Get your hands on it at all costs.
Okay.
Hong Joo, I'll be checking out of the hospital in a bit. Can you come?
Du Hyun, I have to leave early today.
- Okay. - And I'll do everything I can...
to get the dashboard camera footage.
What did you say? Hey!
Hey, Hong Joo. Where are you going?
Hong Joo!
How can she be so gutsy?
Is her brain not working?
She must've lost her mind.
Oh, my. You're ripped.
All police officers are as fit as I am.
That colleague of yours is an exception though.
Woo Tak!
Oh, gosh!
Don't you know how to knock?
You're here too, Jae Chan.
Why are you covering him? Let me see it too.
See what?
Hurry up, will you?
Turn around, and look elsewhere.
- Goodness. - Are you okay?
- Can you be discharged? - Yes.
Hong Joo, can I stay at your place for a few days?
Why?
Why does it have to be her place?
Oh, my doctor said I should stay at home and try to recuperate,
but I can't really do that alone.
I don't want to go to my parents' place either.
Is their place very far? Shall I give you a ride?
It's not that. I'm a third-generation only son.
When I was a kid, a persimmon fell on my head.
My parents cut down all persimmon trees in the area right away.
Before joining the force, I even had to write a pledge that I'd quit...
if I ever get injured.
If they find out, I'll have to write a letter of resignation.
Please help me out.
Sure thing. Thanks for asking me.
You're welcome to stay at my place.
I have a favor to ask of you as well, Jae Chan.
What happened?
Jae Chan, Jae Chan!
Who are you?
I called Jae Chan, not you!
(Episode 14 will air shortly.)